Jen/msg param (#904)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/get-started/lotus/send-and-receive-fil.md

lotus send --help
```

#### Specify Invocation Parameters

> If you want specify invocation parameters via send, you can use the following CLI to get the encoded params:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want specify invocation parameters using `lotus send`, you can use the following code-snippet to get the encoded parameters
```

```
lotus chain encode params --encoding=hex <toAddr> <method id> <params>
```

> > Note: Mapped method <> method id can be found [here](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/blob/master/actors/builtin/methods.go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Mapped method <> method id can be found in the [Filecoin GitHub repository](https://github.com/filecoin-project/specs-actors/blob/master/actors/builtin/methods.go).
```
